#### <sub><sup><a name="v272-note-1" href="#v272-note-1">:link:</a></sup></sub> fix

* A feature originally intended for 2.8.0 snuck in to 2.7.1 and caused breakage around SSL communication. We've disabled it by default. Sorry about that!
  
  We'll do more extensive testing for this feature by the time it makes it to 2.8.0.
  
  
#### <sub><sup><a name="v272-note-2" href="#v272-note-2">:link:</a></sup></sub> feature

* The connection to Postgres can now be configured with SSL. Along the way we've also broken the single opaque `--postgres-datasource` flag on the `web` binary into multiple more descriptive flags, which should make it easier to discover what you can or should configure. To see the flags, consult `web --help`.
  
  Note that the binaries still default `--postgres-sslmode` to `disable` for backwards-compatibility. Unfortunately the configuration value of `prefer` is not available in our Postgres DB driver of choice, so it was either require SSL by default in all configurations (which would be unreasonable for small local deployments) or just leave it off by default.
  
  The BOSH release has always been configured via discrete properties, rather than a single DataSource, and now has a `postgresql.ca_cert` property among others. Consult [bosh.io](http://bosh.io/jobs/atc?source=github.com/concourse/concourse-bosh-release&version=2.7.1#p=postgresql) for more information.
  
  
#### <sub><sup><a name="v272-note-3" href="#v272-note-3">:link:</a></sup></sub> fix

* Fixed a couple quirks related to our security fixes that affected folks with colons or any other funny characters in their pipeline names. Moral of the story: never use a regexp if you can help it. Also, y'all have weird pipeline names.
  
  
