#### <sub><sup><a name="v360-note-1" href="#v360-note-1">:link:</a></sup></sub> feature, security, breaking

* Concourse now **requires** PostgreSQL v9.5+. If you're already up-to-date, you've got nothing to worry about.
  
  If you're using the BOSH release, and have already followed the instructions in [**v3.5.0**](https://github.com/concourse/concourse/releases/tag/v3.5.0), you're all set.
  
  If you haven't, do so! You should be able to do the same upgrade process with this release, except that some queries will be failing in the ATC until everything is upgraded.
  
  With PostgreSQL v9.5.0+ we've been able to dramatically improve performance of the pipeline UI. It's worth it!
  
  
#### <sub><sup><a name="v360-note-2" href="#v360-note-2">:link:</a></sup></sub> feature, breaking

* We've bumped our Garden-runC dependency to v1.9.0. This upgrade requires a recreate of your workers.
  
  
#### <sub><sup><a name="v360-note-3" href="#v360-note-3">:link:</a></sup></sub> feature, breaking

* The [`fly validate-pipeline`](https://concourse-ci.org/setting-pipelines.html#fly-validate-pipeline) will now validate the [**`config`**](https://concourse-ci.org/task-step.html#task-step-config) field on embedded tasks.
  
  As part of this change, we have removed support for configuring both [**`config`**](https://concourse-ci.org/task-step.html#task-step-config) and [**`file`**](https://concourse-ci.org/task-step.html#task-step-file), which was deprecated about a billion years ago and has been emitting shouty warnings all this time.
  
  
#### <sub><sup><a name="v360-note-4" href="#v360-note-4">:link:</a></sup></sub> feature

* Build logs now have timestamps! In addition, you can click them to link to lines, and shift-click to select ranges! WHEE!
  
  
#### <sub><sup><a name="v360-note-5" href="#v360-note-5">:link:</a></sup></sub> feature

* There are some fancy-schmancy keyboard shortcuts on the build page. Press `?` on the build page to learn more!
  
  
#### <sub><sup><a name="v360-note-6" href="#v360-note-6">:link:</a></sup></sub> fix

* Fixed a case where a bunch of pipeline scheduling happening at once could result in a client-side database connection limit being reached, resulting in slowness.
  
  
#### <sub><sup><a name="v360-note-7" href="#v360-note-7">:link:</a></sup></sub> fix

* Previously, when clicking and dragging in the pipeline UI, if the initial click was on a job, it would take you to the job when you let go. NO LONGER!
  
  
